#Week 1
Arrived at my lab not knowing who would be in my group. Found that none of the other potential members turned up. I then proceeded to chase people up and found that they had either dropped the course or were overseas at the time. I did manage to track down both Conor and Evan and we collectively decided on the group name soup kitchen and the project meal recommendation. Reason for this being that we like food. Privately I created an idea board to summarise the requirements of the project and think up possible novel functions.

I had also made the JIRA for the team.

#Week 2
Finally met all members of my group. Swapneel was in India and was flying back the previous week and Harjas had thought to join another group before coming to the lab. We had decided on our novel functions, but wasnt able to get it approved on time.  One of the novel functions were the extended recommendation system, a main feature of our product. This is complete with endless scrolling to give the social media experience. The other novel function was a spotify like playlist. We had found that other websites created their own cookbooks rather than giving users the full freedom.

The task for this week was the User stories, of which I did a few. Most were done by Evan. As I was likely to be in charge of the database,  I started building a UML diagram to map out its possible structure. Came to a roadblock when I realised not all the functionalities were hashed out.

#Week 3
We had a meeting Monday where we subdivided all the tasks that needed to be started on/completed. Realising that the meeting was becoming too long and I was becoming tired myself,  I took initiative to subdivide the tasks to be completed before the Friday meeting with Dylan. We are set to meet again on the Wednesday for a progress report. The proposal was due the next week so the tasks to be completed were all focused on the proposal.  It would have been nice to start coding but as scrum master I had to focus on the documentation. 

#Week 4
We got an extension on the proposal so the proposal crept into this week. I was a bit concerened that no coding was being done besides Conor's frontend section but my hands were tied, I had to focus on polishing the proposal. I spent the middle portion of the week on other subjects as I had fallen behind on other content trying to finish the proposal. On the Saturday and Sunday before the first sprint was due I had went to uni till late with Swapneel trying to setup the backend on my laptop. I wasted hours trying to install mysql on windows and then later wsl. Seeing Swapneel make so much progress, I stopped and started coding up the first functionalities of the backend. Although I wasnt able to test anything. Figuring out how JPA repositories work was probably one of my largest contributions to the first sprint.

#Week 5
For the most part I was burned out and needed time to focus on other subjects. I had only taken a look as to how to set up a lubuntu virtual machine as was discussed in our retrospective meeting. It quickly became apparent that my computer didnt have the resources to effectively work on a virtual machine, developing with intellij requires alot of memory, it would lag quite a bit. I then started to take a look at other solutions like wsl but there were complications with the passwords I had set.

#Week 6
While working on my other subjects I had spent 3 hours everyday trying to fix the wsl + mysql setup.  Much of that time was spent installing, reinstalling both wsl, the ubuntu images that it worked off and mysql versions. Many of the issues appeared due to wsl not supporting some of the libraries used by mariadb and mysql. I was asked multiple times "Do you know what the definition of insanity is?".  Eventually though I came across a solution which allowed everything to work together,  Swapneel had been a huge help through the whole process. I then had to focus on the Retrospective A report which I fit in the odd hours over the weekend. I had also spent time with Swapneel to redistribute the user stories in the second sprint. Our meeting that week was a struggle as user athentication and token processing  was required for most of the diffrent parts but it was not completed at the time.

#Week 7
I finally started making progress on the backend code. Learning Java and the spring boot framework, I had come up with cool solutions to  retrieve and process objects into viable response entities. Much of the code required for sprint 1 was done in a couple hours, although I have yet to test it. I strongly believe that we can get sprint 2 done in this week.

Something to note is the utility of java streams basically being the same as apache spark if only considering a single machine. Parralelisation is possible and one is able to process in the same way. As such we will need to seriously consider cutting out spark to reduce setup and configuration overhead.

I managed to get the CRUD operations of recipes working. Now working on unpublished recipes.  May need to help out other members with backend stuff,  they're a bit behind on their jira tasks. 

#Week 8
This week the team presented the Demo B and we were still at the point of no integration. The main error blocking integration was the CORS error, a security feature of spring boot which didnt allow requests to be made to the API without being from a specified port number. I went back and researched the springboot requirements to fix this.  It was just a simple tag. 

In terms of software development, I had made a great deal of progress for the backend. I broke down the issue of similar recipes and researched how to solve the issue. The data inputs for drink recommendations were redefined to capture the wide nature of grouping different drinks or recipes. The feed was completed according to the project specifications. 

#Week 9
In order to be able to test the recommendation and search functions, a number of dummy recipes were required. At first we had attempted to input data directly into the database but due to the nature of recipes and the fact that all business/data logic was captured on the server side and not by sql procedures, the only feasible method of data input was as json request. Even then, this took quite a while to produce. 

Once the data was produced, the testing of the fucntions were smooth sailing and completed promptly. I completed this on the Wednesday so that the frontend had enough time to integrate the various pages.  

#Week 10
This was the week of the final presentation. The focus of the week was the final report. As scrum master I had delegated the work appropriately accounting for the people who needed to fix code and also gave opportunity for some team members to contribute more. 

The focus of my section was the implementation challenges,  outlining the challenges faced when developing the backend. 

