**Week 1**

I was initially part of the Monday 6-8pm online tutorial class. After organising a group and getting to know my teammates, we selected the task management program as our project for the course. We spent early part of the week discussing the functionalities as well as what the novel functionalities might be. However, later on in the week I discovered that one of the members had switched to another group in our class and another may have dropped the subject, leaving us with a group of 2. I then looked through the group lists on webCMS and saw a person who I had worked with in another subject in a group of 4. I decided to message him and ask if I could join their group after switching tutorials. I was then added to their group chat and was told they were doing the event management project anda would meet on Monday at 11:30am as the group meeting slot with our tutor, Dylan was 11:30am-12pm.

**Week 2**

After entering the tutorial, I was told I was in a different group to the one I thought I was going to be a part of. I met my new teammates and was told we would be doing the meal recommendation system project. We spent the tutorial discussing ideas and brainstorming with each otehr before I suggested meeting on Discord for future meetings. I then asked to join the group JIRA and got settled into what was now my 3rd different project inside one week. During this week, I conducted my own research into meal recommendation websites including https://www.yummly.com/?prm-v1=1 and https://www.kitchenstories.com/en/recipes among others. As a group we decided that our novel functionalities would be an extended recommendation system, complete with infinite scrolling to provide a social media-eque vibe. Our other novel function was playlist/cookbook where a user could add the recipes they wanted to a playlist, similar to Spotify and music.

**Week 3**

This week, we started with a meeting in which tasks were divided among the group for us to complete. I completed the acceptance criteria for all the user stories as well as reviewed the existing user stories and added some more that were required for this project. I also conducted some research into the Spring Boot framework for our proposal and contributed in meetings regarding thoughts of alternate novel functionalities. One novel functionality we came up with, and confirmed with Dylan, was a drink recommendation for every recipe. In these meetings, I took minutes for the group regarding our thoughts and discussions.

**Week 4**

This week was a hectic week as my workload started building up for all my subjects and I found it tough to manage time as assignments were due and so on. I worked on the backend stuff for authentication for our project after I assigned myself to them on our JIRA, but had some git issues which I plan to sort out with the team next week. I also had an in-depth call with Swapneel regarding the backend for authentication who gave me a really good idea as to what I needed to complete. I have reserved from pushing my changes as I did not want to muddle anything, and I felt that my work needed some editing before it was workable.

**Week 5**

This week started off with Demo A which we presented in class. After Demo A, I actively participated in Restrospective A, suggesting both things that went well for us in the first stage as well as further improvements we could make for the coming stages. As Conor was away, we asked for his opinions during out meetings. I then spent this week researching further on Spring Boot authorisation function and watched quite few Youtube videos relating to this.

**Week 6**

This week was the university flexi week. Unfortunately, for some reason, I had an assignment due for another computer science subject so most of my week was taken up completing that. However, I was involved in communication with the team and was confident in terms of our position. Furthermore, when I did get time, I attempted coding some more backend things based off the research I had conducted last week.

**Week 7**

After having another group assignment due this week for another computer science subject, I completed the auth functionality and built further on it. I actively partipated in our meetings, planning our stage 3 tasks as well as discussing our Demo B approach. Furtherrmore, I had some really beneficial calls with Swapneel in which we discussed the logic behind certain functions and implemented and tested them. I pushed my changes over the previous weeks (including creating branches) this week as I wasn't confident in terms of the prior code as that was more rough than concrete. However, now I've updated my branches and pushed the most recent code to github.

**Week 8**

Week 8 started off with Demo B. Here I discussed with the team about our positives as well as our shortcomings since Demo A, actively participating in Retrospective B. While most of the functionality was working in the backend, we realised that integrating with the frontend brought about more bugs. Thus, we decided to restructure our backend code for better readability but also efficiency when integrating with the frontend. Swapneel and I worked on this. I mainly focussed on code this week as Dylan had told us about the importance of having time for the Final Report. 

**Week 9** 

This week I worked on refining the backend code with the team as well as helping the frontend boys with integration. I found some bugs and potential solutions which I relayed to Conor and Evan. I also took responsibility for the bulk of the Report and wrote out the initial requirements of the report as well as the structure and possible talking points. After this, I got started on the report as I didn’t want to leave my part to the last minute, sacrificing potential further functionality updates for the report.

**Week 10**

The final week! This week was very stressful as I had multiple assignments due at similar times. My focus this week was the report and writing up the bulk of it. I discussed the structure and layout of the report with my team, as well as helping the others in their parts and vice versa with anything I required. Furthermore, I was responsible for formatting the report and ensuring there were no editing errors.
