**Week 1**

Enrolled in COMP3900 on Wednesday due to still being on COMP6080 waitlist.
Was reached out to by Boaz on facebook and was added to a facebook messenger chat.
Friended Connor and Boaz on discord and created a discord server for better communication.

**Week 2**

Met rest of team at weekly tutorial meeting. Added Swapneel and Harjas to discord server.
Novel functionalities discussed - 'playlist' for recipes and tentatively an additional recommendation system.
Joined JIRA and github classroom however group's github classroom group not created yet. Did not create one as unsure to who should be responsible.


**Week 3**

Met on Wednesday 12pm with rest of group , discussed progress, novel functionalities further (possible drinks recommendation?).
User stories completed, trolled a bit with the reasoning, Dylan and group seemed to tolerate it.

**Week 4**

Learned JS syntax, in preparation to use typescript and react.
Learned basic HTML and CSS (flexbox, grid).
Rescheduled weekly tut meeting to Friday.
Started working on Frontend with Connor.
Redid some login page

**Week 5**

Came 20m late to project demo A, wasn't able to contribute to the presentation sadge.
Worked on retrospective A with Boaz and group both immediately after Monday's presentation and Wednesday afternoon.


**Week 6**

Overwatch 2 was released last week so mainly worked on that.
Created register page and did some git organisation.

**Week 7**

More register page -> weak/strong password, taken username?
Work on theme (consistent font, colours, etc.)?
Created view recipe page, fixed some display issues with register page.

**Week 8**

Helped with textbox on create recipe page and integrated backend with frontend.
Added ingredients to create recipe page

**Week 9**

Finished create recipe page with tags box.
Finished cookbook pages.
Finished cookbooks page.
Worked too long on my birthday lmao.

**Week 10**

Did third-party functionalities (react, bootstrap, npm) on final report.
Submitted peer assessment.
Thanked team for their hardwork all semester :D
