**Meetings** <br> <br>
Monday 8:00PM AEST (27/09/2021) <br>
Attending:
Zekai Li, 
Berke Keles, 
Cade Neuhaus, 
Evan Zhang, 
<br>
<br>
Discussion points/Actions: <br>
Task delegation:<br>
Cade:
  Channels list,
  Channels listall <br>
Evan:
Channel create, 
Channel detail<br>
Mark:
Channel messages,
Channel join<br>
Berke:
Auth register,
Auth login<br>
Diesel:
Channel invite <br>

*Reminder to comment purpose of function/code
<br>
*Bi-Weekly meetings set: <br>
1.	8:00PM AEST Monday <br>
2.	During Friday tutorial <br>



Friday 3:10PM AEST (1/10/2021) <br>
Attending: <Br>
Zekai Li, 
Berke Keles, 
Cade Neuhaus, 
Evan Zhang, 
Diesel Chaisumdet, 
<br>
Discussion points/Actions: <br>
* We communicate through asynchronous standups. <br>
* We have meetings once a week on monday at 8pm. <br>
*Through the meetings we delegated tasks to each member and in further meetings we plan to communicate any issues and solve them as a team. <br>
*Time zones have been an issue as we have 2 members in different time zones.
<br>
* Changed tasks: <br>
Diesel:
*Channel message <br>
Mark:
*Channel invite
*Channel join
<br>
Friday 4:30PM AEST (8/10/2021) <br>
Attending:
Zekai Li,
Berke Keles,
Cade Neuhaus,
Evan Zhang,
Diesel Chaisumdet,
<br>
Discussion points/Actions:<br>
Diesel:, 
*Channel message send
*Channel message edit
*Channel message remove
*Channel message senddm<br>
Mark:
*Channel leave
*Channel addowner
*Channel removeowner
*Admin user remove<br>
Berke:
*Auth login
*Auth register
*Auth logout
*Users all
*user profile
*user profile setname
*user profile setemail
*user profile sethandle<br>
Cade/Evan:
*dm create
*dm list
*dm remove
*dm details
*dm leave
*dm messages<br>

Unassigned:
*admin userpermission change
<br>
<br>

15 October 
<br>
Attending: Zekai Li, Berke Keles, Cade Neahaus, Evan Zhang, Diesel Chaisumdet  
<br>
Discussion points:  
* Clarifying roles for iteration 2  
* Discussed improvements to be made from iteration 2: Setting deadlines â€“ plan to begin writing over the weekend. More use of asynchronous stand-ups, and documenting asynchronous communications 

20 October, 23:30 (AEST) 
<br>
Attending: all group members  
* Set group deadline for iteration 2 as Saturday 9 a.m. (AEST) 


21 October, 17:33 (AEST) 
Attending: all group members 
* Updates from group members regarding progress 
* Reconfirmation of group deadline as Saturday morning 
* Discussion of particular aspects of iteration 2 code

23, 24, 25 October <br>
* Near-constant synchronous communication 
* Resolving issues, asking questions, requesting reviews, clarifying roles 


**Asynchronous Communications (via Microsoft teams)** 

**Week 5**:
* October 10: Discussed iteration 1 improvements. Creation of new branch to fix issues 

* October 12: Discussed greater use of documenting asynchronous communications by group 

* October 13: Set deadline for iteration 1 fixes 


**Week 6**
* October 19: Members provided asynchronous stand-ups regarding progress in iteration 2. Discussed modifications to make to data structure for iteration 2 


Tuesday 3:00PM AEST (9/11/2021) <br>
Attending:<br>
Zekai Li, <br>
Berke Keles, <br>
Cade Neuhaus, <br>
Evan Zhang, <br>
Diesel Chaisumdet<br>
<br>
<br>
Discussion points/Actions: <br>
Task delegation:<br>
Cade:<br>
user/profile/uploadphoto/v1<br>
auth/passwordreset/reset/v1<br>
auth/passwordreset/request/v1<br>
Evan:<br>
user/stats/v1<br>
users/stats/v1<br>
Requirements & Design for future work<br>
Mark:<br>
standup/start/v1<br>
standup/active/v1<br>
standup/send/v1<br>
Berke:<br>
notifications/get/v1<br>
search/v1<br>
Diesel:<br>
message/share/v1<br>
message/react/v1<br>
message/unreact/v1<br>
message/pin/v1<br>
message/unpin/v1<br>
message/sendlater/v1<br>
message/sendlaterdm/v1<br>
Additionally went over fixes that needed to be done for iteration 2 and assigned them respectively.<br>

Thursday 6:00pm AEDT (12/11/2021) <br>
Attending:<br>
Zekai Li, <br>
Berke Keles, <br>
Cade Neuhaus, <br>
Evan Zhang, <br>
Diesel Chaisumdet<br>
<br>
<br>
Short prorgress checkup meeting. <br>
Meeting ajourned 6:15pm AEDT <br>

